# { NOTICE : For logdebugg wait till next COMMIT }

## logdebugg

Filters and collects all logs based on user input log path and modes of filter.
Greps logs based on:
- timestamp = logs touched in last t minute
- no-of-lines = n lines of logs from all specified logs

### It accepts below arguments :

	-a,     append new logs that are generated by grepping all logs
			to previous log file.

	-d,     It takes path of log file(s) from log.properties file which
			is auto generated in present working directory.

	-f,     It takes folder(s) as an input, and searches all log files
			within folder and filters all logs based on timestamp or
			no. of. logs.

	-fs,    It takes folder(s) as an input, and searches all log files
			within folders and sub-folders and filters all logs based on
			timestamp or no. of. logs.

	-h,     It shows help menu.

	-n,     It greps logs based on no-of-lines. It expects an integer
			argument. Last n (integer argument) lines of all logs are filtered.
			If any integer is not passed after -n then by default it
			takes 50 lines of logs.

	-p,     It takes path of log file(s) from user through terminal
			window. User can pass any number of path(s). Enter path of
			log file(s) just after -p.

	-t,     It greps logs based on timestamp. It expects an integer
			argument. Logs touched after t (integer argument)mins are filtered.
			If any integer is not passed after -t then by default it
			takes 5 mins.

	-z,     It changes naming convention of new log file. By passing -z as
			an argument, new name of log file becomes log_.yyyy-mm-dd.hh:mm.log.
			This helps users to keep logs of every minute and can later be used for
			comparison.


# How to use it ?

1. git clone https://github.com/rishi-anand/logdebugg.git
2. cd logdebugg/
3. ./logdebugger.sh
 

Report bugs to 'rishi.anand0@outlook.com'.
